Add HA migration for an existing Enterprise Store. (#86)
canonical-ols/snapstore-snap-docs: docs/how-to/high-availability.md

In case something goes wrong, it is possible to revert to a known-good
configuration with:

    cat store-config.yaml | sudo enterprise-store config --import-yaml

### Reverse Proxy
We want to set up a reverse proxy in front of the existing Enterprise
Store snap unit, with devices directing traffic towards the reverse
proxy instead of the Enterprise Store snap unit. This is relatively
simple if using HTTP. However, if using HTTPS, it's a bit more
involved. Please modify the steps as necessary for a HTTP Enterprise
Store. This section assumes the goal of TLS termination occuring at
the reverse proxy.

Copy the certificate and private key from the Enterprise Store unit
to the reverse proxy. These can be obtained with:

    sudo enterprise-store config proxy.tls.cert | cat > enterprise-store.cert
    sudo enterprise-store config proxy.tls.key | cat > enterprise-store.key

```{warning}
The private key should be stored and transferred securely.
```

<!-- These are located at: -->
<!-- /var/snap/enterprise-store/current/nginx/<domain>.cert -->
<!-- /var/snap/enterprise-store/current/nginx/<domain>.key -->

<!-- where `<domain>` is from: -->

> <!-- sudo enterprise-store config proxy.domain -->

Author: woops

"scanned-production" bucket names. Replace these as needed depending
on the chosen bucket names. The example migration is:

```sql
BEGIN;
-- Consider double-checking the state before and after the UPDATEs
-- SELECT * FROM snapstorage.package_store;
UPDATE snapstorage.package_store SET bucket = 'scanned-production' WHERE bucket='/var/snap/enterprise-store/common/snapstorage-local/scanned';
-- SELECT * FROM snapstorage.package_store;
UPDATE snapstorage.package_store SET bucket = 'unscanned-production' WHERE bucket LIKE '/var/snap/enterprise-store/common/snapstorage-local/unscanned%';
-- SELECT * FROM snapstorage.package_store;
COMMIT;
```

Switch to using the S3 backend on the Enterprise Store unit:

    sudo enterprise-store config proxy.storage.backend="s3"

Verify that it works by running:

    enterprise-store status

There should be no failing services, especially
`snapstorage`. Additionally, verify that package downloads are
working as expected.

```{note}
If something goes wrong, revert to the initial state by switching
to the "local" backend:

    sudo enterprise-store config proxy.storage.backend="local"

> and restoring to the backup of the `snapstorage.package_store`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then restore the backup of the `snapstorage.package_store`
```
